IRM Test
===============================

### Implementation

This test has been developed using no framework. Autoload generated by composer enabled all the classes that have been created to be loaded and used by means of namespaces. 

The codebase adhered to using interfaces and abstract classes from within the Common directory. Within the TransactionTableModel.php file, the getter and setter magic methods have been put in place for not only creating the properties of that class, but to provide validation on what is being set when it comes to executing queries.

Unit tests have been carried out within the codebase using both reflection and mocking approaches. Please execute the following to run the unit tests `./vendor/bin/phpunit tests`.

I used sessions to store saved item data and subsequently developed a sessionDestroy method within the API.

### How to test

1. Navigate to the index file of the API within `/src/Script/index.php`.
2. Here you will notice a switch case compromising of four methods; setPricing, scanItem, getTotal and destroySession.
3. I had tested this example using Postman and set the request method to POST. The following API endpoints will detail what parameters to include in order to carry out this test.
    * setPricing - `http://localhost/IRMTest/src/Script/?action=setPricing`: The param key for items is `itemId[]` and its price is `price[]`.
    * scanItem - `http://localhost/IRMTest/src/Script/?action=scanItem`: The param key for items is `itemId[]`.
    * getTotal - `http://localhost/IRMTest/src/Script/?action=getTotal`: Retrieves a sum of all saved item prices.
    * destroySession - `http://localhost/IRMTest/src/Script/?action=destroySession`: Destroys active session. 